split out oam-spec v0.2 charts (#1842)
oam-dev/kubevela: charts/oam-spec-v0.2/templates/NOTES.txt

> Welcome to use the KubeVela! Enjoy your shipping application journey!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to use the oam-runtime follows OAM spec v0.2! Enjoy your shipping application journey!
```
